Rick: Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call love is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
Rick: As far as Grandpa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit! Yeah. I can prove it mathematically. Actually, l-l-let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming, anyways.
Rick: It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews.
Rick: You're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable.
Rick: Jerry get out of the booth, take all your clothes off, and fold yourself 12 times.
Rick: Bummed I didn't get it give that insect dick a try.
Rick: He's a spy, blow him up! I'm gonna go take a shit.
Rick: Ohh yeaaaaa, you gotta get schwifty! Take off your pants and your panties!
Rick: I'm not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?
Rick: We need a hang glider, and a crotch-less Uncle Sam costume, and I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked red heads, and I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father.
Rick: If you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad. *burp*.. Morty..
Rick: Like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? You know what those guys do in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls and dip 'em in cocaine and wipe 'em all over each other.
Rick: Then it's time to get your beak wet tonight playa!
Rick: Don't break an arm jerking yourself off Morty.
Rick: 25 shmeckles? I-I-I-I don't even know what that- what is that? Is that a lot?
Rick: ALLAH *BURRP* AKBAR
Rick: Me irresponsible?? All I wanted was for you to hand me a screwdriver! But instead you had me buckle down and...make you a...roofie...juice serum, so you can roofie that poor girl at your school. W-w-w-w--are you kidding me, Morty?! You're really gonna try to take the high road on this one?? Y'know your-you're a little creep, Morty! Your-your-your-you're just a little creepy creep person!!
Rick: Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?
Rick: I don't think we can perform our new song, The Recipe For Concentrated Dark Matter for a crowd this tiny!
Rick: I'll tell you how I feel about school, Jerry: it's a waste of time. Bunch of people runnin' around bumpin' into each other, got a guy up front says, '2 + 2,' and the people in the back say, '4.' Then the bell rings and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or somethin'.
Rick: Lemme hear everybody say hey-yo! All the ladies say yeaaah! Everybody over thirty do this with your hand! 
Rick: Morty, can you get to the left nipple?
Rick: That's Right Morty! This is gonna be a lot like that. Except you know. Its gonna ~burp~ make sense.
Rick: They'll just fall right out of my ass! I've done this too many times!
Rick: WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!!!
Rick: Oh, I'm sorry Morty, are you the scientist or are you the kid who wanted to get laid?
Rick: You gotta shove these seeds way up your butt morty, waay up there.
Rick: You're our boy dog, don't even trip
Rick: You're not gonna believe this, because it usually never happens, but I made a mistake.
Rick: Wubbalubbadubdub!
Rick: I'M TINY RICKKKKK!
Goldenfold: Morty! The principal and I have discussed it, a-a-and we're both insecure enough to agree to a three-way!
Morty: I mean, why would a Pop-Tart want to live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be like the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?
Morty: Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
Morty: Well then get your shit together. Get it all together and put it in a backpack, all your shit, so it's together. ...and if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere ya know? Take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in a shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together... Get your shit together.
Morty: Aww, gee, you got me there, Rick.
Jerry: I wish that shotgun was my penis.
Jerry: Are you hungry for apples? ARE YOU HUNGRY FOR APPLESSS!?
Jerry: Hmmm... human music.
Jerry: Thank God? God's turning people into insect monsters Beth. I'm the one beating them to death. Thank me.
Jerry: I don't get it and I don't need to.
Jerry: I'm Mr. Crowbar, and here is my friend, who is also a crowbar!
Jerry: Nobody's killing me until after I catch my wife with another man.
Jerry: If I've learned one thing, it's that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.
Rick: That's planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning. 
Mr. Meeseeks: HI! I'M MR MEESEEKS! LOOK AT ME!
Mr. Meeseeks: Existence is pain to a meeseeks Jerry, and we will do anything to alleviate that pain.
Mr. Meeseeks: I JUST WANNA DIE!
Mr. Meeseeks: Meeseeks were not born into this world fumbling for meaning, Jerry!
Mr. Meeseeks: OooOOOOoooooOOOhhh can do.
Mr. Meeseeks: We ALL wanna die, we're meeseeks!
Principal Vagina: This is Principal Vagina. No relation.
Principal Vagina: ...and there's NO EVIDENCE that a Latino student did it. They're trying to make this into a racial thing and I won't let them!
Principal Vagina: Hi! Principal Vagina: the name's real, possibly Scandinavian.
Scary Terry: Awwww thanks, bitch!
Scary Terry: I'M YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE, BITCH!
Scary Terry: THIS IS BECAUSE YOU GIVE MORTY SMITH BAD GRADES, BITCH!
Scary Terry: Oh no. I'm late to class, bitch.
Scary Terry: You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Scary Terry: These 2 halves don't belong together, bitch!
Snuffles/Snowball: Hello Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?
Snuffles/Snowball: Snuffles was my slave name, you can call me snowball because my fur is pretty and white. 
Snuffles/Snowball: Where are my testicles, Summer?
Snuffles/Snowball: Snuffles want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.
Summer: Ew, Grandpa, so gross! You're talking about my mom!
Summer: God, Grandpa, you're such a dick.
Summer: Go home and drink, grandpa.
Summer: Oh, wow. That's an intense line of questioning, Snuffles
Mr. Needful (The Devil): I'm the Devil, what should I do when I fail? Give myself an ice cream?
Mr. Needful (The Devil): A price for everything
Mr. Needful (The Devil): I may be the Devil Summer, but your grandfather is the DEVIL.
Pizza: I'd like to order one large person with extra people please. white people, no no no black people... and hispanic on half.
Phone: I'd like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please. high chair, no no no recliner... and wheelchair on half.
Chair: I'd like to order one large phone with extra phones please. cell phone, no no no rotary... and payphone on half.
Commercial Guy: Alien Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers Who Are Just Regular Brothers Running In A Van From An Asteroid And All Sorts Of Things: The Movie
Mr. Booby Buyer: I am Mr. Booby Buyer. I'll buy those boobies for 25 schmeckles!
Slippery Stair: My name is Slip- Slippery Stair. I'll take ya down there for 25 SHMECK-ELS!
Rick: They're inside you building a monument to compromise! 
Rick: He's not pressing charges... That's gotta be the "you shot me" equivalent of not being mad.
Rick: Yo! What up my glip glops!
Rick: 25 shmeckles? I-I-I-I don't even know what that- what is that? Is that a lot?
Rick: I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality you're as dumb as they come.
Rick: It's a figure of speech, Morty! They're bureaucrats! I don't respect them.
Rick: This isn't Game of Thrones, Morty
Rick: We're gonna nine eleven this bitch unless Morty gets better math grades!
Rick: You're our boy dog, don't even trip
Goldenfold: Nice, Mrs Pancakes. Real nice.
Goldenfold: This aftershave made women want me, but it also made me impotent!
Jerry: Well look where being smart got you.
Jerry: It probably has space aids. 
Abradolf Lincler: Prepare to be emancipated from your own inferior genes!
Rick: Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. It really gets their dicks hard.
Rick: We've got a lot of friends and family to exterminate.
Morty: We all remember you as a friend. 
Beth: He's not a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's.
Rick: You're like Hitler, except...Hitler cared about Germany, or something. 
Rick: They're robots Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're just robots!
Prince Nebulon: I do not have dis-colored butthole flaps.
Morty: I dunno, some people would pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough.
Birdperson: In bird culture, this is considered a dick move. 
Birdperson: You appear to be dying. I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing.
Bill Cipher: Remember! Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye! 
Goldenfold: I see you at god's house!
